Use pathability groups (thanks @myk002) to detect stranded citizens (#833)
DFHack/scripts: changelog.txt

## New Features

## New Scripts

> - `warn-stranded`: new repeatable maintenance script to check for stranded units, based off warn-starving

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `warn-stranded`: new repeatable maintenance script to check for stranded units, based off `warn-starving`
```

> - `warn-stranded`: new repeatable maintenance script to check for stranded units, based off `warn-starving`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `warn-stranded`: new repeatable maintenance script to check for stranded units, similar to `warn-starving`
```
